The Mental Gain is a sports mental performance company. I work with teams, parents, coaches, and individual athletes on mental skills training. I teach concepts such as confidence, bouncing back from mistakes, performing under pressure, motivation, ideal mindset, and much more. For individual athletes, this is accomplished through 30 or 50-minute sessions where an athlete meets with me via Zoom (or in-person, if requested) and we do activities, reflections, discussions, watch videos, and more. In general, I recommend weekly sessions, and once we see significant improvement, we gradually taper off. Most athletes show positive improvement around 6 sessions and more significant improvement around 10 — however, this is VERY dependent on commitment, severity, age, awareness, motivation, etc. Just a rough timeline for you.

*2 Initial Sessions*

To begin the process, we always start with two initial 50-minute sessions. These two initial sessions allow us to go over logistics, understand their mental performance goals, and mainly dive deeper into their current mental state. *A parent will need to join the first session.* For the second initial session, and all sessions going forward, it will be just the athlete and I. The first two initial sessions are $90 each. When you're ready to schedule, you can book an initial session using the link below. Please select "50-minute - Single Mental Performance Session" when booking (please note the 48-hour in advance scheduling rule).

https://thementalgain.simplybook.me/v2/#book

*Mental Performance Session Options*

After the two initial sessions, you'll choose between option A and B for ongoing work together:

Option A - Online Mental Modules + 30-minute 1-on-1 Implementation Sessions - This option includes hand-picked online mental skills modules (created by me) that are completed on a flexible schedule. These modules have videos, activities, reflections, and more to help with learning. This is also paired with 30-minute weekly 1-on-1 implementation sessions with me to apply and personalize the skills.

Option B - 50-minute 1-on-1 Sessions - This option is a traditional 1-on-1 mental performance format where the athlete meets with me for 50 minutes. The exact same mental skills, videos, and reflection questions covered in the online modules are taught here, but they are learned through me during our sessions instead of the modules.

I've attached a document with more details and pricing on both options. During our initial session, we'll discuss both options, and I'll show you what the online modules look like and the types of activities that would be completed — so there's no need to choose one option just yet. Both options are currently pay-as-you-go, with no long-term commitments or packages (there's also a limited-time discount on the modules option right now).

*Consent Form*

I've also attached a consent form. We will go over this during the first session if you'd like to wait to sign it — I just need it returned before the second initial session (when sending back, please include ALL pages, not just the signed pages). The consent form is not a commitment to work with The Mental Gain for any period of time, it is just stating that you understand our services, and commit to the rules that come along with them.

Please let me know if you have any questions - happy to email, text, or call. If you're ready to start, feel free to sign up for an initial session. Once that is done, I will send the remaining details for the Zoom link, payment methods, etc.

Really looking forward to helping with the mental game!
